# Prelude

The year is 5014u. On a backwater planet in the Atlas Line - designation **Hercynia** - a little second-generation colony named **Evergreen** has issued a distress call: they've come under attack by unknown aggressors. In response to the call, Union assigns a Navy auxiliary team to serve as a first response until a larger force arrives in-system. The tasking packet was slim, but explained several rules of engagement and details of operation:
1. You're to treat the situation with the utmost care. There might be an indigenous human culture on the planet, but there isn't any clear evidence yet.
2. The current holder of Hercynia's charter is **Landmark Colonial**, a subsidary of the **Smith-Shimano Corpro**. You're to make contact with Landmark's representative on the ground, present your credentials, and integrate into the local hierarchy from there.
3. **Hercynia** was once subject to a widespread and devastating SecComm campaign. Past records indicate that the **Second Committee** had a habit of doing this against uncooperative populations, and you should expect to encounter old Union infrastructure - unexploded ordnance, waste radiation, or even abandoned installations are all things you might run into.

**Seral-19** is the team undertaking this assignment. **SERAL** units are composed of a flexible mixture of Far Field researchers and Navy peacekeepers, and they specialize in intervention and recovery operations on TBK-flagged worlds, and **Hercynia** is one such world. The team consists of four members: **Prof**, a Far Field biologist; **Southwest**, a computer specialist and sniper; **Switchboard**, a drone technician serving as security; and **Tzadek**, the team's NHP - an ANANKE-class model serving other duties while their ship undergoes maintenance.

Shortly after the distress call was received, a nearby carrier was diverted to make a stop in the system, deviating from its usual route as part of a rapid-response effort. **Seral-19** was transferred aboard that carrier, and soon entered into stasis as the ship began its long journey to **Hercynia.**

# Arrival

**Seral-19** awoke from stasis after a fourteen-month trip. The carrier had reached **Hercynia** only hours before, and had entered into a stable orbit. **Tzadek** was pulled from dormancy after a fresh cycling, and what few technicians were awake in the ship's skeleton crew began the process of moving their casket from cold storage to their mech frame.

One by one, the human members of the team stepped out of their sarcophagi and made their way to the nearby observation blister, spending an indeterminate amount of time slowly waking up, sipping drinks of their choice, and refreshing themselves on the task at hand. After some time, they received an update on planetside conditions: **Hercynia** itself was throwing off an incredible amount of noise, likely because of its troubled history and the decaying remnants of **SecComm** infrastructure on the planet. Optics were shot as well; the world remained socked in a planetwide monsoon season, and all but the most extreme poles were blanketed with thick cloud cover.

When the order to depart arrived, the team threw together their things, donned loaner softsuits, and boarded a remote-controlled shuttle to the planet's surface.

# Ground Party

The squad arrived on the outskirts of the colony in a field; **Evergreen's** landing bowl had been flooded by torrential rains, and was unusable at the time. They were met by **Brava Hadura** - the commander of the colonial militia - who instructed them to be cautious; a sniper was in the area, and "the bugs" were good shots. Recognizing the danger, the group stayed close as they returned to the colony with her.

The shuttle would subsequently bring down the squad's mechs before returning to the carrier proper, which would exit the system within the day to begin moving to the next stop on its journey. It would not be returning for some time.

Meanwhile, **Brava** escorted the group through the colony's muddy, rain-soaked streets and alleys to **Evergreen's** administrative heart: a walled compound called the **Governor's Farm**. **Seral-19** had been scheduled for a briefing the same day as their arrival, but **Brava** was informed at the last minute that the meeting had been delayed til tomorrow morning.

After apologizing, she brought them to the place they'd be staying: the **Bottom of the Well**, a riverside venue and tavern with rooms on its second and third floors. Each of the squad's members was given a room - they'd each been booked in advance, and even **Tzadek** was able to get something after some prying - and **Brava** took her leave, allowing the group to settle in for the remainder of the evening.

# We Could Have Handled This By Text

After a night's rest and time to settle in, **Seral-19** was summoned to the **Governor's Farm** for a full briefing on the colony's situation and details on their first assignment. There, they met **Patience** - a SIDEWALK-J2 municipal NHP - and **Edena Ji**, who served as **Patience's** attache and assistant. Together, they gave the squad a proper welcome, and shared extensive details on what had been going on:

Starting fourteen months ago, unknown aggressors have begun regular attacks against the colony. Homesteads and outlying farms had been attacked, with their food stores raided and the remainder burned to the ground. Rumors have spread among the militia that the attacks are being perpetrated by an aggressive native species of insect that used to live on the planet called the **Egregorians**, who were once the dominant lifeform but were presumed to have been wiped out by the **Second Committee** during their TBK campaign.

**Patience** - who described the **Egregorians** as "savage, consumptive, and with a startling ability to manipulate simple tools" - did not rule out the possibility that they had returned from the brink of extinction, but nonetheless expressed doubt about the theory by providing evidence that the raiders were themselves human and expressing the belief that they were simply pirates or claim-jumpers, intent on reaping the rich harvest of the land around **Evergreen**.

The colony's resources have been stretched to the breaking point. The militia are constantly terrified of attacks, and things are close to destabilizing altogether. **Patience** gave the squad a choice of two tasks to undertake: escort **Chief Engineer Castor Fielding** and his engineers to the landing bowl to perform crucial repairs, or attempt to hunt down the sniper plaguing the town. After convening, **Seral-19** opted for the former, and made plans to meet up with **Fielding** in the colony's depot district.

Before departing, **Prof** inquired about any potential backups or accessible knowledge about the planet's ecology and biosphere. In response, **Edena** directed her to the public omninet and specifically to **Dr. Eku Marricado**, a biologist who has been tasked with categorizing the local flora and fauna. Though Eku had been having trouble with her work, **Edena** believed that she might be willing to help **Prof** conduct their own research on the ecosystem, and said that she'd reach out to the biologist after the assignment.

# Bowl Season

The squad rendezvoused with **Fielding** on the outskirts of **Evergreen's** industrial area, where he greeted them heartily and explained the situation. The landing bowl was about twenty kilometers out, and the gravel road there was flooded and cluttered with debris. His team had three all-terrain trucks that could make the trip, but they were anxious about the raiders and wanted a security detail before leaving. **Seral-19** was to provide it. They agreed, and once they mounted up, the convoy set out for the bowl.

Two-thirds of the way through the trip, the convoy was ambushed by raiders in a debris-choked gulley, hostile mechs descending without warning from the treeline on either side of the road. The attackers struck a decisive first blow, causing heavy damage and throwing the team into chaos, but **Seral-19** was able to punch a hole in their formation and escort two of the trucks through the opening by the skin of their teeth. Their success prompted the raiders to retreat into the jungle, allowing the remaining truck to catch up.

**Fielding** thanked the group profusely, and his engineers were able to reach the bowl and set up the pump system required to drain the water without further incident. From then on, the system would function automatically, requiring only occasional check-ins.

As the engineers wrapped up repairs, **Seral-19** received a communication from **Patience**, who checked in on them and received footage of the attackers from **Southwest**. Their call was not solely a check-in, they would explain: the leaders of **Merricktown** and **Liu Maize** - unlicensed settlements near **Evergreen** but not part of it themselves - had requested assistance with an issue of their own...

# Home on the Range

First, **Patience** gave some context.

**Merricktown** and **Liu Maize** are the largest of the **Gray Towns**, a collection of legally gray frontier settlements independent of **Evergreen**. In light of the recent attacks, they had struck a mutual defensive pact, prompting the mayors of the two towns to raise a corps of armed guards to conduct regular patrols and garrison checkpoints along roads connecting the two towns.

This buildup of force appeared unnecessary until very recently, when attacks on outlying homesteads began to force a great deal of settlers to take shelter in the two towns. Their infrastructure has been overwhelmed, and their hostels are packed with scared people fleeing the rural areas - yet more arrive by the day.

Now, drones and subalterns from the towns have begun acting haywire - not responding to commands, behaving erratically, and marching deep into the jungle to the east. With the **Gray Towns** suffering from their own heap of troubles, they have reached out to **Evergreen** for any kind of help the colony can provide. Learning the specifics of the situation prompted **Patience** to take a deeper look into the attacks on the **Gray Towns**, where they subsequently discovered oddities in the reports that didn't align with the attacks conducted on **Evergreen** itself; strange lights and noises, bodies of workers torn and scattered, dead crops poisoned by radiation. And most notably, food stores left untouched or destroyed in collateral damage.

These factors, taken together, led **Patience** to conclude that the attacks on the **Gray Towns** may be being perpetrated by an entirely different party than the raiders attacking **Evergreen**. Context thus provided, **Patience** forwarded the squad a photograph he had received - a bulbous, unfamiliar mech with red lights - and asked them to investigate the situation in the **Gray Towns**, with the goal of discovering if it might pose a security risk to the colony.

The group's new destination was a farmhouse belonging to a homesteader family named the **Châus**, about 140 kilometers from **Evergreen**. As they traveled, they came across rogue subalterns, milling about in flooded fields and - like reports had suggested - heading eastwards. Shortly afterwards, they received a radio communication from **Albert Châu**, one of the farmhouse's inhabitants. He informed them that he and his family were trapped inside the house by hundreds of subalterns and asked to know if **Seral-19** was with **Evergreen**; when the squad explained their Union affiliation, **Albert** became confused, stating that it seemed like Union was already at the farm. There was no time to discuss this development, though, as he quickly resumed radio silence for his own safety.

When they reached the farmhouse, **Seral-19** discovered a disturbing spectacle: dozens and dozens of subalterns and drones stood perfectly still in and around the porch, or walked circles in the fields outside the farmhouse, which had been hastily boarded up by the family inside. At the center of the swarm was the mech from the photograph, ancient and covered in signal-boosting machinery.

When the squad sent a ping to the mech to try and ascertain what was going on, they received what appeared to be a surrender and evacuation order, written in ancient Union Navy milscript reserved for general-ranking staff and ending with:

*YOU ARE SAFE. UNION IS HERE*

Thoroughly perturbed, the squad began to approach, prompting the subalterns and the central mech to turn hostile and engage them in combat.

# The Horde

During the fight, the unfamiliar mech (later discovered to be designated simply as **BROADCAST** in its internal imperative code) appeared to be controlling the rest - including literally raising their wrecks from the dead after they were destroyed in the fighting - and it used them as living shields while it remained in front of the farmhouse and conducted systemic assaults against the squad using reactor-override liturgicode and spikes of responsive feedback. Once it was finally brought down by sustained fire, the remainder of the subalterns dispersed, with many of them shutting down on the spot and the remainder simply turning and beginning to walk, immediately and in unison, through the waterlogged fields and towards the deep woods in the east.

**Albert Châu** emerged from the farmhouse once **Switchboard** confirmed that it was safe for him to do so, immensely relieved at the squad's timely intervention. He explained that he had heard what was happening to the other farms, but that nothing had happened to theirs... until now. In the hours leading up to the incident, the farm's comp/con had begun acting strangely, and **Albert** suggested that the squad take a look at it. For their part, the family living at the house - **Albert**, his wife **Nora**, and their kids - no longer felt safe staying there, and made the decision to pack their belongings and stay with the family matriarchs, **Maggie** and **Weiyi**, closer to **Evergreen**.

**Southwest** investigated the comp/con, and discovered that its interface had been replaced with an unfamiliar read-only screen, repeating a message on loop - the same one amplified by **THE BROADCAST**. All of the family's user profiles had been deleted, leaving only a single remote root-level user designated **>//BEGGAR_ONE** issuing commands and executing imperatives. Digging deeper into the message's origin and metadata, they discovered some more information about its nature: it was a reactivation signal, and appeared to be shepherding the infected machines eastwards to some unknown point. **THE BROADCAST** had been acting as an amplifier, not the source; even in the mech's absence, the signal appeared to be affecting the entire valley, weak but omnipresent.

Finally, **Southwest** discovered that part of the codebase could be partitioned into a self-contained package and investigated more thoroughly, and they did so at the request of **Tzadek**. Afterwards, the comp/con burned out from the stress, rendering its hardware completely bricked.

With their assignment concluded, **Seral-19** returned to **Evergreen**, bringing the burnt-out hardware of the **Châus'** comp/con with them for further analysis at the request of **Patience**. During the return trip, **Tzadek** began exhibiting symptoms of the infection that had affected the rogue subalterns, but they were ultimately able to retain control of their faculties during the trip back. The group brought the **Châus** with them on the way home, escorting them out of the danger zone and closer to their new homestead before they went their separate ways.

# Debrief

**Patience** debriefed the group on all that had transpired, and informed them that the militia had succeeded in locating and driving off the sniper thanks to not needing to spend extra manpower and resources to escort **Fielding's** team. Though things remained far from stable, they were calmer. **Patience** concluded the group's first mission by instructing them to maintain a state of readiness over the coming days and weeks, but giving them no further immediate assignments. In exchange for the squad's assistance, **Castor Fielding** had a set of ultra-dense power cells prepared as reserves for their next assignment.

After a week of secure analysis, **Patience** produced a full report on the infected comp/con recovered from the farmhouse. Insofar as they could tell, the infection was a military-grade virus, built on incredibly old architecture that rendered it invisible to modern inoculation and security protocols. Most notably, it appeared to be capable of jumping between devices - and it wasn't clear what it could and could not affect.

In light of these revelations, **Tzadek** would quickly come to the conclusion that whatever had been affecting the machines in the **Gray Towns** was now affecting them as well. Among other things, they had begun noticing a strange ordering to the world - trees bending in the same direction, people walking in sync for too long - and although their diagnostics would come back green, something was very much there, evading notice in the deepest levels of their casket's hardware...