# Downtime

**Seral-19** completed their priority objectives as given by **Evergreen's** administration, and were instructed to maintain a state of readiness but given no further orders. They spent a while in downtime with no immediate tasks occupying their attention, whiling away the time and completing some personal work of their own:
* **Prof** met with **Dr. Eku Marricado**, who shared her theories on the planet's ecology and stated that she believed the extinct **Egregorians** were a core factor in understanding more about it. She petitioned **Prof** for assistance in her work, which they agreed to. Afterwards, they proceeded to spend some time blowing off steam at the **Bottom of the Well**, ending a few nights of debauchery with a bottle of extremely potent moonshine from **Bahadur's** reserve but losing a sentimental remnant in the process after dropping an old notebook into a rain puddle.
* **Southwest** petitioned **Patience** for elevated access to off-limits areas of the **Governor's Farm** in order to examine the **Châus'** slagged comp/con, and their request was accepted on the condition that they gather more information on the raiders for **Patience** should the opportunity arise. Afterwards, **Southwest** examined the remains, discovering disturbing tendencies in the function and operation of the virus and assisting the NHP in compiling their full report.
* **Switchboard** tried, largely without success, to get a sense of how the colonists in **Evergreen** were handling the situation and what the militia expected would come next, but her tendency to ask pointed or sensitive questions to people who were already struggling rapidly made her an unpopular face around the militia and citizenry.
* **Tzadek** purged the infection from their hardware, leaving its symptoms in remission. Afterwards, in the process of creating a semi-independent partition of themselves, the Cynosure program behaved in an odd way that interfered with the end result, leaving their systems highly sensitive and leaving the partition... different.

When **Patience** next called upon them for a meeting at the Governor's Farm, it was late spring.

# Council Chambers

**Patience** met with **Seral-19**, **Edena Ji**, and **Brava Hadura** in the council chambers, which were serving as the militia's central command hub. Once there, the group recapped the results of **Seral's** first outing and subsequent time around the colony.

Afterwards, **Patience** began their own report, starting with the good news that they had taken control of one of **Landmark's** meteorogical satellites and would begain calibrating it and altering its route to capture static data as it crossed **Evergreen's** valley to better serve in its defense. They had also begun compiling a message to **Landmark Colonial**, which they included **Seral's** report in with permission.

While the rogue machines were a disturbing development, the colony administration had made the decision to continue focusing on the raiders. **Patience** believed that they were building up to something big, and that an attack was imminent. In light of this, they raised the colony to its maximum security level, imposing a mandatory 10 PM curfew for all citizens not in active duty and ordering the creation of a round-the-clock guard rotation to ensure the colony and its reactors were watched at all times. The NHP requested that **Seral** remain in reserve as a wild card and maintain a low profile, which the group accepted. At that, the meeting was adjourned, and the group was dismissed to get some rest.

# Knife Through the Heart

The members of **Seral-19** returned to their lodgings for the night and were in the process of winding down when a surprise attack shattered the nighttime quiet. The alarm went up across **Evergreen**, and messages began filtering in: the settlement was under attack. The group responded immediately, breaking into a full sprint for the depot district and reaching the point of contact (the southern gate) within five minutes.

Exiting through the gate and taking position behind the hasty defenses, **Seral-19** engaged the raiders, who used the cover of night and their familiarity with the jungle to make themselves nearly impossible to see in the darkness. Several members took direct, heavy hits to their frames, but after several minutes of fighting the attackers suddenly broke off, melting back into the darkness.

There was no time to celebrate or to assess the damage; a power surge went through the whole colony, after which the group beheld a fireball sprouting from one of the reactor cooling towers farther to the south. An emergency message from **Patience** slammed their displays - the watchpoints had been breached. The attack on the gates, it seems, was a diversion to cover the real target; the pirates had already succeeded in crippling one cooling tower, and if they were able to strike the second one then **Evergreen** would be plunged into darkness.

An enormous flatbed construction hauler roared through the colony gates and came to a halt in front of the squad, offering to get them to the reactor complex as quick as possible. Boa opted to stay behind, but the rest of the team boarded, and the hauler took off at full speed onto the road, hi-beams on, swerving and turning to get to the remaining tower before it was too late.

# Reactor Defense

The hauler arrived at the reactor complex within half an hour or so, and **Seral-19** disembarked to discover the defense in tatters, but still holding. Upon seeing them, the militia retreacted into the campus, while **an armored hexapedal militia mech** in decent condition moved to assist them. They didn't have to wait long before another wave of raiders hit, their camouflaged mechs surging towards the regulator like their lives depended on it.

Despite their fervor in the fighting, the raiders' attack was quickly broken thanks to a quick surgical strike on their vanguard. Before long, the strike team was repelled, and the survivors retreated into the darkness. Across allcomms, reports were coming in that the pirates were breaking off their attack; it seemed that the worst was over.

In the aftermath, the mech that had assisted **Seral-19** was given new orders, and its pilot disembarked to meet the group. She introduced herself as **Scorpion** - a member of the militia and former IPS-N security, having dealt with breachers on the past - and shared what insights she could into the raiders' behavior, noting that it seemed likely they were fighting so desperately in the hopes of making a big score - the kind that might set them up for life. As for what it might be, she had no idea. After the group exchanged thoughts and concerns about what came next, the hauler crept into view; it was time to go home.

# REGRET

The ride home was calm and comfortable. The colony remained on high alert, but the raiders made no immediate attempt to attack again. As the hauler reached the colony, though, tracer fire lit up the night, and something huge roared out of the treeline - heading straight for **Evergreen's** omninode. A last-ditch attack. **Seral-19** confronted the monstrous mech just as it breached the wall, stalking through the opening with chunks of concrete falling away from its hands.

A vengeful giant, licked by flame, come to tear **Evergreen** out by the roots.

The ensuing fight was violent and brutal. The thing loped across roads and parks like a rabid animal, tearing at the squad's mechs with plasma talons extending from its fingers and releasing waves of superheated material that caked the area around it in molten matter. There were civilian casualties. In the end, they brought it down, but only barely; **Switchboard** dismembered its main arm as it swung, sending it careening into the ground and bringing it down for good. The sole survivor of the failed attack, in a support frame, was forced to surrender - the human pilot climbing out of a top-mounted hatch in the mech and entering militia custody before being moved to a holding cell at the **Governor's Farm**.

# Debrief

Quiet fell over the colony. The stench of smoke and burning metal filled the air. Finally, mercifully, the attack was over.

The militia would remain extremely alert over the next few hours, but no more assault would come. The raiders did not return. Over the morning, the officers would report that they appeared to have fully retreated. Damage assessment would continue throughout the coming days; the victories came at a heavy price, but for a mercy, **Evergreen** lived on.

In the coming days, **Boa Hyden** - unnerved by the brutality of close combat - would request to be moved to a backline role, where they could focus more on their role as a researcher. As a result, **Scorpion** would be assigned by **Brava** and **Patience** directly to accompany the squad in its future dealings, serving as added security and a representative of **Evergreen** in their dealings with **Seral-19.**

For now, the colony's main threat appears to have been repelled, albeit at a price. The pirates appear to have given up, and vanisherd entirely back into the jungle. Although **Evergreen** remains at high security, the immediate danger appears to be over. The colony is settling into something like normalcy. Time, and perhaps some pointed words with the sole captured raider, may reveal more in the coming weeks...
