# Downtime

Following their defeat at the hands of **Seral-19** and **Evergreen's** militia, the raiders vanished into the jungle, and did not return. After days of no sightings, it would become obvious that they had fully retreated. While the colony remained at high alert, it slowly began to enter something like normalcy. Like before, **Seral** was to maintain a state of readiness, but had no standing orders, and thus had plenty of downtime to pursue their own goals.
* **Scorpion** put in the work to try and clear rubble from the section of **Evergreen's** walls that had been torn down, but did little more than exhaust herself without help. Afterward, she spent some time trying to relax in the colony, and was relieved to discover people among the colonists' ranks who had known loss, too.
* **Southwest** began work on a scouting drone of novel design, spending several days setting up prototypes and drafts before eventually hitting a roadblock due to lacking the proprietary tools they needed. Rather than spend days trying to track the tools down, they opted to spend some time testing their newly-printed laser weaponry in clearing out half-fused rubble from the attack, which was met with great success.
* **Switchboard** found something new. Afterwards, she helped to coordinate the reconstruction efforts, and was surprised to discover that the elderly militia trooper who had belittled her weeks ago now felt remorseful for his comments and issued a full apology to her after seeing how she had faught to save the omninode from **REGRET.**
* **Tzadek** followed up with **Mimi,** the captured raider - who was initially extremely hostile to the idea of speaking after discovering that **Tzadek** was using a subaltern. With the help of a human militia soldier, they were able to coax her out of hiding, and get a few answers out of her with regards to why the pirates had attacked the colony (**Mimi** claimed that she had been told it was their last chance at survival.) After the questioning, **Tzadek** did some research to attempt to discover the language she spoke, and found that it appeared to be based on a very old version of Union Common from many years prior.

Finally, **Dr. Eku Marricado** sent a memo to the group - the sample of Egregorian carapace that had been brought back to her could be dated to be much younger than she expected; only one or two centuries old (perhaps even less), rather than the half a thousand years she had expected. Puzzled but excited by the revelation, she sent back the plating for use as potential armor against ablative or incendiary attacks, which it was evidently quite resistant to. **Scorpion** took her up on the offer, installing an exotic set of carapace cladding onto the **Wall of Memories.**

As spring came to an end and the hot, humid Hercynian summer began, the squad - enjoying a lazy day at the time - was interrupted by an unknown caller...

# Downstream

After some debate and cautiously late arrivals, the group entered a group call with what appeared to be one of the raiders - with tan skin, black hair, unfamiliar fatigues, and a heavy accent.

This woman claimed to be named **Dthall Ordo**, and stated that she led "rangers" from a place called **Hivehome.** They weren't claim-jumpers or pirates, she explained - they were **Hercynians** - members of a confederacy of city-states called the **Hercynian United Cities** that had existed for hundreds of years in the ruins of Egregorian hives.

When **Evergreen** appeared, the **Hercynians** saw the colonists working with subalterns and drones, and deduced that they could be working with the **Machine** - what appeared to be a collection of ancient SecComm tech that had reactivated some sixty years prior and began a campaign of extermination against the **HUC.** The cities' leadership believed that they could no longer hide from the colony, and ordered the ranger forces to cripple the colony's growth, despite **Dthall's** protests.

**Dthall** was contacting the group in secret, for being caught risked punishment. The **HUC** had been ordered to stop their fight with **Evergreen** and conduct a full retreat. She was making her call to ask **Union** directly: why have they returned to **Hercynia**, after so long?

After some back-and-forth, the group pieced together that, to her, the Second Committee *was* **Union** - she had not known anything else; other than that they abandoned her ancestors on the planet during their retreat to pick up the pieces of their campaign of genocide, and that now the **Machine** trying to wipe them out was using the **Union** name. Though **Seral-19** tried to explain to her the concept of the Third Committee, she seemed unwilling to accept it at face value, citing a lack of proof and stating that she didn't know what could reassure her otherwise.

The call was interrupted by someone calling **Dthall** from off-camera, and she quickly made plans to depart, but left the squad with a final footnote. The purpose of her call hadn't just been to ask questions - it was to give a warning. There was a greater threat coming, and it was one that the **HUC** had failed to stop.

*"Look to your machines. We are not your enemy anymore."*

# Siren

Almost immediately after the conclusion of the call, **Patience** hailed the group on a priority channel. They were needed at the **Governor's Farm** immediately. As the group pushed for the Farm, they saw why - drones and subalterns across the colony were abruptly going haywire - breaking from their programmed routines, disobeying orders... and going east.

**Patience** was doing poorly in the council chambers. The signal was affecting them, too; it was a broadcast, relayed from across the ocean. They theorized that it was connected to the malfunctioning machines near the **Gray Towns** that **Seral-19** had confronted in the early spring, and stated that it had grown in intensity recently. The signal itself was a repeating loop of supercompressed data, but not from **Patience** themselves like they had first thought - but from a different NHP, entirely separately.

Their reverie was broken by **Edena** entering the chamber, who provided **Patience** and the group with the latest report. In the ensuing conversation, it became clear that **Patience** was due for cycling. After some back-and-forth, the NHP relented, handing off **Seral-19** to **Edena** for their next assignment.

Their job, the attache explained, was a simple one: investigate the signal and find out who or what was making the colony's drones go haywire. Their first destination was **Tower 3** - an omni/comms tower on the eastern side of the valley that was believed to have been overriden. Even if it wasn't, it was to the east anyway, so it was worth checking on.

Before the group left, they informed **Edena** about the call they had had with **Dthall.** She was surprised by this, but seemed unconcerned for the moment, and directed the group to focus on the signal instead; perhaps she was hiding something, or perhaps she did genuinely believe that it was a problem for later. For the time being, though, they were to mount up and follow the rogue machines.

# Machine Shepherd

It wasn't hard to follow the trail of subalterns. A synthetic river, it plowed east - grinding trees to stumps, uprooting plants, and flattening the ground as they walked in chaotic ranks. It took the squad several hours until they reached the machines' destination: not **Tower 3** at all, but a clearing of no apparent import.

The clearing was completely packed with machines. Thousands of subalterns had been digging into the earth, forming a great pit a hundred meters across and dozens deep. They fell over themselves in feverish mania, surging to dig with their hands and knees with incredible determination.

**Seral-19** held the line, unable to do much of anything but watch. The machines, single-minded in their focus, tore at the dirt. Slowly, a cacophony of warnings began to fill their cockpits: background radiation. Quake alarms. Large-mass proximity alarms. Eventually their mechs' systems particularized, and spat out its blood-freezing assessment:

There was a parallel clamor from below. Another set of hands - many thousands of other sets - digging up.

The group had no time to react before the earth erupted in a plume of steam and surging metal, hundreds of subalterns wiped away by the earthen vomit as - to their horror - a wave of drones and mechs emerged from below, draped in makeshift armors and rags. Up they came from forgotten, alien sepulcher; an army of its time, crawling and clambering at first, and then marching in orderly, endless ranks as they ground the mud beneath their feet to packed earth.

They were legion. There was no choice but to run.

# Sepulcher

As **Seral-19** fled back towards the west, holes and fissures opened up in the ground all around them, discharging more reanimated subalterns and hollow mechs that threw themselves at the group with no regard to their own safety - their ancient, rusted metal overgrown with moss and vines. The group fled together, coming extremely close to disaster several times before finally seeing an opening and charging through it, fleeing as fast as they could to safety.

From their vantage point, the group could see more machines tearing themselves out of the hills and mountains, forming a loose but coherent army. **Edena Ji,** clearly distressed and overwhelmed, asked the group to maintain position until she could figure out what was going on.

# Exodus

After the squad had had time to repair, **Edena** contacted them and gave them an update on the situation: the scene they had just witnessed was playing out across the valley.  Machines were dragging themselves from the earth in dozens and scores, forming up and beginning a walking-pace march straight towards **Evergreen.** They were a tidal wave - a force of nature, unstoppable and inevitable. The colony was already preparing defenses; meanwhile, the **Gray Towns** were closing up as soon as the vanguard of the **Machine's** forces hit and preparing for a siege. In the meantime, a column of fleeing settlers was on their way towards **Evergreen,** either unable or unwilling to make for the **Gray Towns.**

The group was instructed to push hard for the colony as quickly as possible. The main column of fleeing refugees was on the way there, and so **Edena** tasked **Seral-19** with escorting them the rest of the way, seemingly more out of convenience than anything.

The countryside was enveloped in fire, metal, and chaos. As outlying homesteads and settlements were crushed beneath the **Machine's** inexorable advance, countless dozens of civilians fled from the wave of drones and mechs, taking what little they could carry. Malfunctioning machines, panic, terror, and accidents - doubtlessly spurned by the sudden influx of people on wet, unpaved roads - plagued the survivors every step of the way. **Seral-19** helped where they could, using their wits, strength, or mechs to aid the refugees in pushing forward as best as possible.

Eventually, there was a lull in the chaos as the main bulk of the column pushed hard for the outskirts of **Evergreen,** little more than half an hour away now. **Seral-19** regrouped and pushed ahead to meet up with them and hopefully bring them the rest of the way there in relative safety.
