# Downtime

With the spectre of the **Machine** creeping steadily closer to **Evergreen**, downtime was tense and fraught. **Seral-19** stayed prepared, but had little to do but kill time while the colony's administration appeared content to focus the brunt of their meetings and requests on **Contingency White.**
* **Scorpion** gathered a work crew to help shore up the colony's stability, and after some discussion, the team set out to assist in rehousing some of the refugees from the **Gray Towns** that were living in buildings that were now partially flooded. The effort was a great success, both in getting people out of harm's way and in ensuring the colony's structures remained stable.
* **Southwest** wrapped up work on their reconaissance drone with some requisitions from **Castor Fielding.** Afterwards, they spent some time making bespoke modifications to their weaponry with the goal of allowing it to track and fire on targets automatically; it was completed after some hazardous data-gathering, although one of the gimballed mounts looked a little unsteady...
* **Switchboard** requisitioned one of **Evergreen's** few cargo drop ships for combat use. In return, she assisted with setting up defenses outside of the colony for a sweltering afternoon or two, wearing out some of her mech's parts in the process.
* **Tzadek** found **Eddie Wu** - the commanding officer of **Contingency White** - and grilled him on how he intended to handle the situation and the existence of an indigenous population, to which he responded that it was largely not his problem.

In the middle of downtime, **Patience** called the squad to a meeting in the **Governor's Farm**. There, they disclosed a revelation detected by the weather satellite that the NHP had redirected in the spring: a human farmer, some three hundred kilometers southeast of **Evergreen.** The image immediately afterwards confirmed present theories - a sprawling settlement of possibly several hundred thousand people existed in "unexplored jungle" just a week's travel away. **Patience** proved overly reticent to attempt contact with this population, instead stating that it was too dangerous to dispatch potential diplomats and that they would prioritize hunting down any traces of the raiders instead.

# End of the Beginning of the Line

As late summer began, **Seral-19** received new orders: **Evergreen's** militia had traced the raiders back to their home base - an old bivouac south of the colony that now appeared abandoned. **Patience** instructed the group to set out for the bivouac and attempt to track down where the Hercynians had fled to, bringing **Mimi** along as well for an exchange or, at worst, for use as leverage.

After an afternoon's travel, the group arrived, discovering the surface to indeed be abandoned. Some brief searching uncovered an access tunnel, which they entered. After some travel, they emerged into what seemed to be an old transit hub, tunnels leading in a variety of directions, with ancient Egregorian husks and the remains of human soldiers scattered about the floor. Then they spotted what appeared to be a triage center along one of the walls - and it appeared to be in use. At that point, **Dthall Ordo** - the pirate who had called **Seral-19** some weeks past - stepped out from the shadows and bade them dismount.

The squad quickly released **Mimi,** who gratefully reunited with her old friends. **Dthall** sat down with the group at the triage center, and explained their situation: the rangers had fully retreated. She and a small contingent had volunteered to stay behind to tend to the wounded. Now, she was tired; she just wanted to go home, and to bury the dead. She had yet to hear back from **Hivehome** - her home city - and was afraid that it had been attacked.

More than that, though, a summit was due to happen in **Hivehome** within the week, during which the leadership of the **HUC** would convene to discuss how to handle the war against the **Machine.** They had long since fought to a standstill, but with the **Machine's** sudden retreat to focus on **Evergreen,** one of the member cities - **Daylight** - desired to focus on a defensive posture, leaving the colony to fend for itself. **Mycol Fields**, by far the smallest of the cities, was liable to go along. Only **Hivehome's** leadership (including **Dthall**) favored the idea of a counterattack to end the threat once and for all, and she feared that if they chose a defensive posture, both **Evergreen** and the **HUC** would be doomed to fall. As a result, she formally requested that the squad accompany her back to her home city, in an effort to serve as a delegation from **Evergreen** and to convince the other cities of the danger.

At that moment, **Seral-19** received a priority one call from **Patience.** The **Machine** was on the move; **Evergreen** would be encircled within a few hours. The NHP ordered that the squad call off their investigation and return immediately. When they were informed of the situation, they thought long and hard before admitting that they would greatly prefer the squad return but ultimately giving their approval of the idea. With that, the squad voted unanimously to accompany **Dthall,** and they set out within the hour along the ancient lines.

# Underground, as the Light Fades

**Seral-19** accompanied the rangers for days, setting up makeshift triage by night and walking by day. In the pitch black, their omninet connection died; with no other source of information, their only indication of the passing time was the clocks on their displays. Eventually, though, they saw light in the distance: **Hivehome.** **Dthall** called out, but received no response, and moved quickly to assess what the situation was.

The squad arrived at what they would later learn was a "midwall port" - a natural shelf before a cave mouth, and one of many entrances into the central chamber. The scale of the vista defied all reason. An ocean stretched from left to right across the vantage, filling the cavity - a space that could fit a thousand Evergreens - before disappearing into the dark. Kilometers distant, light bloomed from the water; **Hivehome,** making its own day, built onto a large plateau and several smaller satellite islands linked together with sparkling filaments of light.

After a brief scolding of the rangers on guard at the gondola station, **Dthall** confirmed that **Hivehome** was fine - it had not been attacked. She had word of their arrival telegraphed to the city, and shortly received authorization to ferry the group to the city proper (with the exception of **Tzadek,** who would be using a remote drone to avoid causing undue panic at the sight of a subaltern.) They rode the gondola down and were intercepted at the checkpoint along the way, where **Dthall** talked wih some of the rangers directly before informing the group that they would be taken into protective custody to ensure their safety from the populace and a swift meeting with the officers.

**Seral-19** entered the city via a gondola station at the central island that was swamped by an enormous crowd. They were guided through the press of people by an armed ranger contingent to a waiting van. On the way there, they saw something, but quickly profiled it as one of the rangers. Once they entered the van, though, the recognition fell apart.

It was taller than the people around it, more of a deep emerald than the black of the rangers' armor, and alive. Alive.

Opalescent eyes below a ridged crown. A beauty in the aquiline sculpt of its jade carapace, a body carrying an inhuman mind. It wore a bolt of rich crimson cloth crossing its chest, over one shoulder and down, and a pair of fine golden chains around its neck. It was bent to the side, conferring with the human next to it.

A terrible and beautiful thing. An Egregorian. Alive.

# Hivehome

The squad was afforded spartan accommodations in a quiet area near the city's administrative district, blocked at either end by bollards and guards. After resting, they met with **Dthall** for a meeting, in which they were informed they were allowed to explore public areas of the city, but could not leave without permission. Each one was to be accompanied by a pair of handlers at all times. The attitude of the city had shifted from fear to curiosity, and she didn't have any concerns that they might be accosted.

Seeking to help bolster their standing with the cities, **Dthall** proposed that the group help her track down a missing contingent of rangers in order to win favor with the other factions. At the same time, a missive arrived from **Terror** - an Egregorian military commander - who was requesting help with a task involving cultural reclamation. Neither task was time-sensitive, and **Dthall** encouraged the group to at least hear **Terror** out before departing and leaving them to their own devices.

Before leaving, **Roline** stated the strange feelings of familiarity and recurring memories that she had been having as of recently. **Dthall** seemed to take strange recognition with this, stating that it was not what **Roline** thought (which confused her greatly!) before promising that she would petition that the group have an audience with somebody in particular that she did not specify.

# The Arcade

**Seral-19's** first stop on their visit to the city was **the Marble Arcade**; part museum, part research college. On the way there, they encountered **Winter** - a massive Egregorian warform running a tea shop from their carapace. They greeted the group with kindness and asked some light questions about who they were before insisting that they each have as much tea as they like. To **Roline**, the Egregorian gave a special blend called 'locus' - something meant to cultivate affinity for something called Witness.

At the **Marble Arcade,** the group hoped to find answers about the history of the civilization, and how such an existential revelation had been lost. After some exploring, they found an Egregorian anthropologist who was happy to read to them from a slim history packet meant for young adults. In it, she explained their version of history:
* When humanity first arrived on Hercynia, they waged a campaign of xenocide. The Hercynians of today did not deny their colonial past, and instead attempted to live in harmony with the world, gently encouraging the nascent population to grow.
* For the first time in centuries, a new "Overmind" resided within **Hivehome.** Named **Endeavor,** they were thought to be just over two hundred years old, placing them into late adolescence. Their presence has helped to catalyze the awakening of thousands of dormant Egregorians; the population has grown to number in the tens of thousands and continues to increase year by year.
* Today, the two species work together to build out the city and to discover and explore lost hives, marrying the rediscovered communal traditions of their gestalt with individualized human-perspective subjectivities. Steadily, if slowly, the Egregorians grew again.

The anthropologist also touched on the strange feelings that **Roline** had experienced - again, the word "Witness" came up. She tried to understand what it was, but the anthropologist gently instructed her that it could not be understood; only felt. "Do not seek to know; seek to accept." Of course, this was hardly comforting to **Roline,** but it at least put a name to what she felt.

Their time at the **Marble Arcade** concluded, the group stepped outside to decide what came next.

# The Dome of the Heavens

At that moment, the group was accosted by a runner from the rangers, who passed along significant news: **Dthall's** request for an audience had not only been accepted with uncharacteristic swiftness, but the recipient was none other than **Endeavor** themself, who was eager to meet with the group. Unwilling (or perhaps unable) to pass up the opportunity, they hurried back to the central island and were escorted up the hill towards the crown jewel of **Hivehome:** the **Dome of the Heavens.**

The Overmind was an unearthly sight. Surrounded by advisors and sitting atop a plinth in the ornately decorated building, towering into the air and taking up the space around them with an incredible force of presence, head adorned by an ornate natural plate and colored a brilliant light green. **Endeavor** stepped from their seat almost immediately, expressed a curiosity about the group, and asked what they were there to do.

What followed was a brief conversation about philosophy; **Roline** stated "peace", and what that meant was questioned, tugged at, twisted and turned. She also desperately asked what was going on, and the Overmind gently explained the concept of Witness; of the Egregorian species-memory, of human empaths who may feel it and touch it, and the way that mere exposure to the planet was enough to awaken one to it. The revelation was confusing, exhilirating, and intensely personal. **Endeavor** left her with the advice that it was ultimately up to her if she wanted to cultivate this empathy and that only she could choose how to live, but that she would be welcomed if she chose; human empaths were not intruders, but late arrivals. Witness was meant to be shared.

Following that, **Endeavor** spoke of more practical concerns, first attempting to speak with **Nova** (who was awestruck to the point of silence) and then with **Sweet,** who had a bit more success. They discussed the impending arrival of **Union** at large - which **Endeavor** and the rest of the **HUC** were apparently already aware of - and of if they thought a peace with **Evergreen** was possible. For their part, the Overmind believed that it was, but stated that how to achieve that peace was not a question they were entitled to answer; that would be something **Seral** would have to figure out themselves, by coming to know the people they were speaking for. Despite that, they did give some advice: to learn what those people feared, and think about they could have those fears assuaged.

Their meeting concluded, **Endeavor** politely but firmly dismissed the group from their presence. **Roline** was overwhelmed by the emphatic intensity and had to be carried out, for her legs were too weak to move.
