# Downtime

Everything had changed in an instant. **Daylight** was gone, **Hivehome** was in ruins, and the **Hercynian United Cities** was shattered. **Evergreen** was fully in the hands of the **Machine**, and it isn't obvious what would happen next. In a brief and fraught period of downtime, **Seral-19** scrambled to prepare for their assault on **Beggar One:**
* **Scorpion** began carefully counting, rationing, and preserving the mech parts she had access to. With little and less to go around, she reasoned, it was vital to stockpile important parts for later use. Her quality of life suffered for it - broken cockpit heat pumps, radiators running hot, stale air, and more all resulted from the neglect of non-critical systems. But the rationing paid off, and by the time the team next mobilized, she had a sizable collection of extra things to contribute to field repairs.
* **Southwest** joined the reclamation teams entering **Hivehome's** ruins and ferrying out hardcopy materials from the **Dome of the Heavens** in an effort to learn more about **Beggar One's** orbital weapon. It was slow and painstaking: help get the files out by day, sort and read through them by night. At one point, the ferry they were on capsized after hitting rubble in the water, drenching the whole crew in freezing water and forcing them to return early. Their work, however, paid off; in the damp and half-ruined files, they were able to find a reference to "strategic massive-denial platforms" from the Crisis. Two of them were listed as nonfunctional, but one was written as operational: a platform in **Hercynia's** lower orbit called the ***Cassander.***
* **Switchboard** worked to prepare her drones for extended field use in the poor conditions around **Evergreen**. It involved a great deal of trial and error, but she had help from the **HUC**, whose rangers taught her how to weatherproof them and to break them down effectively for transport while keeping them away from the jungle's moisture. Learning took her a great deal of time, and she only mastered the techniques shortly before the team set out.
* **Tzadek** spent time with some of the remaining **HUC** rangers, preying upon **Machine** scouts and gutting them for parts. They learned to move fast and low - striking from ambush, tearing down valuable targets by cutting their reactor feeds, and stripping the choiciest bits before reinforcements arrived. Their efforts bore fruit, but not without complications: during one skirmish, they felled a **Machine** broadcaster unit of some kind that sported highly advanced computing hardware, and its companions were extremely aggressive in trying to reclaim the valuable machinery. **Tzadek** was able to slip away, but it seemed likely that the **Machine** would continue trying to get it back...

In the middle of downtime, **Seral-19** met with the remaining commanders of the **HUC** in their makeshift command center within **Mycol Fields.** There, they discussed next steps, and learned in the process that **Beggar One** had moved its casket into **Evergreen** - and in the process of striking **Daylight**, it had wiped out its access to the omninet. The situation was tense and there was little time, but the revelation that they were concealed for the time being brought some small comfort.

More reports filtered in from the field. **Contingency White's** corvette - the creatively-named ***Contingency White*** - had been discovered in **Evergreen's** landing bowl, concealed and miraculously appearing ready for takeoff. Furthermore, **Brava Hadura** contacted **Seral-19** from within the prison camp inside of **Evergreen,** informing them that the refugees there were planning a breakout and requesting assistance on planning and execution. **Contingency White** themselves had survived the occupation and were also being held prisoner, although their leader - **Eddie Wu** - had vanished in the wake of the attack.

Complicating matters further was not only the looming threat of the ***Cassander***, but also the strange readings that had begun emanating outwards from the **Governor's Farm.** A low-pitched humming was audible for kilometers around **Evergreen** despite the ash muffling the world, and bizarre signatures were being picked up. Whatever was going on, it seemed as though there was little time...

All in the command center were in agreement: before anything, the ***Cassander*** needed to be neutralized.

# Boarding Call

Although **Seral-19** briefly considered attempting to rescue **Contingency White** from the camp, they opted not to - time was of the essence - and instead moved to secure their corvette alone. Upon reaching the ship, however, they discovered a small group of survivors and escapees already at the corvette and attempting to get inside, including the **Châus** from so long ago and led by **Jacob Merrick** of **Merricktown.** The group was initially overjoyed to see the team healthy and whole, but their smiles quickly faded as they realized they had opposing goals: the refugees wanted the corvette to escape with, and **Seral-19** needed it to neutralize the ***Cassander.*** There wasn't enough fuel for both.

What ensued was a back-and-forth of trying to convince the desperate, tired, and starving refugees to stand aside and allow **Seral-19** to commandeer the corvette peacefully, both with rhetoric and by making material concessions to ensure their safety. It was a narrow thing, but the group finally relented after **Nova** relinquished the Landmark dropship she had prepared last mission to allow them to use it as an escape vehicle. Begrudgingly, they stepped aside and allowed the ***Contingency White*** to be taken by the team.

On board, they found the ship more or less ready for takeoff; although space was narrow, it held only a small collection of combat subalterns and the personal things of the members of **Contingency White.** They also discovered **Connie,** the team's NHP, in dormancy aboard the ship. After a brief debate about what to do, they decided to wake her up and inform her of their mission. Although she was initially suspicious and refused to take them, she relented after viewing a recording of **Beggar One's** speech and verifying the dire conditions for herself using the ship's atmospheric and visual sensors.

# Quiet Night

It took little time to prepare the ship for takeoff, and before long the **Contingency White** and its new crew punched free of **Hercynia's** atmosphere. From here, the scale of the devastation was breathtaking - a plume of smoke, dust, and ash blooming from the crater of **Daylight** and blanketing the entire continent as a sheet.

After the group readjusted to microgravity, **Connie** filled them in: there was a single contact in lower orbit, with Union-flagged codes from five hundred years ago - undoubtedly the ***Cassander.*** There was also another contact, one that **Seral-19** hadn't heard of before - a station that **Connie** didn't know much about, but stated that it was vitally important for **Contingency White** to visit before departing. A station called **Quiet Night,** built on one of **Hercynia's** moons. **Tzadek's** software parsed it as a monitoring station, and the group agreed to investigate first in the hopes of finding something useful.

It took them several hours to make the trip. **Quiet Night** itself was unremarkable - old prefab buildings huddled in a crater, an entrance to an underground storage site, and outbuildings containing sensor suites, telescopes, surveillance equipment, and a landing pad. What wasn't unremarkable is how the station had escaped their notice until now, and had not been mentioned by **Patience,** **Edena Ji,** or any of the other colonial officials they had spoken with. Though the habitat had suffered some minor damage, the majority of the site was safe, and **Connie** docked the ship at the site's main airlock.

Entering the station, **Seral-19** found unmanned security stations, inactive scanners, and warnings that **Landmark Colonial** clearance of CRT level or above was required to proceed further. They disregarded these warnings and explored the area, quickly discovering it to have a single point of interest: a series of archive rooms along the outer side of the station. When they arrived, they found another clearance warning, this one much more strict - requiring approval from the **Smith-Shimano Corpro's** board of directors itself. Breaking into the room was not difficult, and they moved inside to investigate, quickly singling out a terminal set up along the far window.

Some brief investigation yielded a great many things.

All information coming from the planet - including the discovery of not only an indigenous population, but of a sapient alien species - had been heavily filtered, knowingly and maliciously, in order to further Landmark's claim. Not even **Patience** had access to most of the information.

Digging deeper, **Seral-19** discovered encrypted references to something called **Operation Emperor.** Isolating the name to a single root folder, they discovered its security to be extremely strong, hardcoded into the terminal itself. Decoding it the reliable way took precious time - nearly twelve hours were spent in and out of the security room - but the relevations contained therein were existential.

**Operation Emperor** was a covert operation by the **SSC** to extract **Endeavor,** the sole living Egregorian Overmind, for the purposes of researching Witness. Secondary goals included the "acquisition" or creation of a human empath. Preservation of life was listed as tertiary. To this end, a colonial venture was to be used to establish legitimacy on the planet, ideally with a subsidiary or shell company - it was never intended to succeed, and rather simply to legitimize the corpro's presence on **Hercynia**; after the completion of the operation's objectives, the colony was to be abandoned to fend for itself.

**Evergreen.**

The cat now out of the bag, **Seral-19** found one other thing of note within the archives: what appeared to be an uncorrupted clone of **Patience** - or rather, the *original* **Patience** - was stored in the underground holding site within the facility. If they could retrieve it, it would undoubtedly provide immense benefit to the recovery of **Evergreen**, for only **Patience** had the requisite permissions and software to interface with and preserve a great deal of the colony's infrastructure. After briefly conferring, they sent a signal to prepare it for retrieval, and after a brief spacewalk, they reached the entrance to the storage silo. They found a way around the blast door, and found the casket - a dull, black metal sphere emitting a steady amount of radiation - prepared for movement. They moved the casket to a dolly and secured it firmly with straps before making their way back to the ***Contingency White*** and preparing for takeoff while they decided what to do next.

# The Hotline

On the way out from **Quiet Night,** **Connie** informed the team that she had sent an extraction ping as requested. This was odd, because not only had the team not requested any such thing, but they also did not know what an "extraction ping" was supposed to be. Rapidly becoming distressed, the NHP informed the group that she was only acting as they had requested her to, explaining it to be a long-range, one-way signal to the **Smith-Shimano Corpro** for extraction. Upon searching her system log, she discovered a single entry that had taken place a few minutes after docking; despite only identifying it as a telemetry exchange, it would appear that whatever came with the packet of information had slightly altered **Connie's** memory, or at least compelled her to act.

**Seral-19** made the unanimous decision to use the **hotline** - an encrypted, emergency line to reach out to their division's commanding officer, to be used only in desperate situations. **Tzadek** froze up as their hardware dedicated itself entirely to calculating and contacting the requisite address. When it reached its recipient, it was passed up the chain, again and again. When a voice spoke a single word - "report" - it was not the commanding officer of the **Seral** divison, but somebody much, much their senior. Whatever was happening on **Hercynia,** **Union** was extremely interested to hear it.

What followed was a terse but comprehensive exchange of information and data: the situation on **Hercynia,** the rapidly deteriorating planetside conditions, the existential threats to the Egregorian species, and the entirety of **Operation Emperor.** After several minutes of waiting, the team was informed that a priority battlegroup would be arriving in-system within two weeks, and after confirming that there was nothing else to report, the line was dropped. **Seral-19** was given simple orders: continue along your current trajectory.

# Hitchhikers and Strays

After their detour at **Quiet Night,** the ***Contingency White*** set out once more for the ***Cassander.*** As the corvette approached, **Connie** shouted with some alarm that there was incoming fire - and then, low ammunition warnings. Pushed over their HUDs: enemy contacts, moving fast, no radiation bleed-out - not weapons, but something piloted, likely remotely.

The ***Contingency White's*** only onboard defenses were point-defense turrets, and so the group was forced to disembark onto the hull, spooling up their mechs to fight off an approaching wave of attackers. While **Connie** focused on swerving to avoid floating debris and direct fire from the ***Cassander*** itself, **Seral-19** held the line against **Machine**-corrupted orbital defense drones, soaking multiple hits in the process. At one point, a swarm of glowing nanites emerged from the wreck of one, taking the form of a humanoid and spreading out into a vision-obscuring cloud that terribly mauled **Switchboard** and maimed **Scorpion** before dissipating into nothing but leaving the distinct impression that it would be returning. Afterwards, they retreated back to the ship - **Connie** had successfully maneuvered the ship into the platform's threat profile, and the defenses had been called off.

# Sins of the Father

The corvette pulled up alongside an empty hangar bay door while the team surveyed the situation.

The ***Cassander*** was in bad shape. It loomed large over **Hercynia** below, hab-rings cracked from within and without, entire sections of support struts missing and cables dangling, sparking wildly in the vacuum. The firing mechanism itself was tremendous: a series of stabilizing rods and brackets, many of them undergoing repairs by drones due to damage from the last shot and dripping molten metal, surrounded a gigantic solid tungsten pillar crackling with energy. The ***Cassander's*** final kinetic kill rod, priming for use. **Seral-19** estimated they had five hours at most before it was ready to fire.

**Connie** wished them good luck as they departed the corvette and boarded the station, moving through offices and main access corridors. The ***Cassander*** was silent and still: all vacuum, no air, no spin gravity. Centuries-old corpses hung suspended in zero-g, mummified features shadowed by the dull red glow of emergency lights. The husks of Egregorian foot soldiers mixed with them, alongside those of tremendous exomorphs lodged midway through corridors and structural supports.

The team set out for the station's central command module. There they could stop the fire control systems, or scuttle the platform, or something - anything it took to bring it down. The central transit corridor would take them straight to the command module-

**"Why. Have you come here?"**

The voice pushed its way through their comms. **Beggar One.** It that split the sky and cracked the earth. The NHP spoke to them, expressing confusion and stating that it would bring an end to conflict. That it would utilize every resource at its disposal.

A shape descended into view, blocking their path - a massive drone bulging with storage blisters, multi-lens sensor clusters flicking back and forth as it studied them with insectile dispassion. Silhouette analysis came back: **UNKNOWN.**

**"And when I am done, Hercynia will. At last. Know peace."**
