# Last Supper
The Expedition conducted its fourth and final downtime in the intervening week between their assignments:
* Macross MET THE LOCALS - they took their practicing to the vicinity of Cornucopia, and spent the week helping them identify vulnerabilities in their defensive perimeter.
* Tempest Bride took POWER AT A COST, hardwiring integrated jump jets into her frame's reactor feed at the expense of compromising the entire thing's stability and overclocking it far beyond its normal parameters.
* Duck MET THE LOCALS, using the Ballbreaker's capability as a hauler and tower to assist Cornucopia's colonists in moving freight where it needed to go.
* Moonshine GOT A DAMN DRINK at Cornucopia and subsequently beat the senior engineer, Plastic Idols, in a high-stakes gambling match. The move made her a temporary enemy out of the engineer, but gained them a useful modification for their shotgun - a quad-barreled slug thrower, rigged to fire a single time.

Shortly after concluding their activities, they received word from August: the coastal outpost spoken of in Randy's logs had been found. They made immediate preparations to move out and scout the area, boarding the *Burn Rubber* and departing within the hour.

# Phosphorous Smoke
The outpost, nestled on a rocky area not far from the pearly sand of the northern coast and an hour's travel northwest from the Expedition, was uncanny; the buildings were in good shape, and still had power and amenities. A single-person cargo shuttle was parked on a landing pad, and looked very recently used, in addition to an intact Swallowtail mech - designated the *Loch Ness* - and a familiar-looking enclosure that looked like it belonged to some kind of livestock in the past but had in recent months been left open.

Further searching discovered what August had hoped for: more glorified diary entries from the man who called himself Randy. He had written many things, but the most important takeaways were:
* He occupied this outpost starting in 4978u and continuing for an unspecified period, possibly up to and including the early months of 5016u - just before you arrived.
* Using salvaged schematics, he made a shuttle and enough fuel to make a trip to Cerro Solitaria in 4985u, where he repaired the omni node and was reduced to an emotional wreck upon discovering that humanity still lived.
* After spending the next decade and a half internalizing the information and performing assessments, he made the decision to attempt to repair the blink gate. He lacked any knowledge, but was a competent technician and the damage itself seemed superficial; nothing that would need to touch the exotic components.
* He experimented with domestication of some of the local wildlife - including a certain species of bug resembling aphids.

Finally, under an unlabeled file, were coordinates attached for the holy grail of the search: the ruins of the old complex. After quickly decoding them, August made a horrifying realization: they were at the bottom of the eldest Caspar hive in the region, towering far above the canopy and crawling with untold hundreds of thousands of bugs.

# Tremorsense

To prosecute the search, August pressed some pieces of equipment into reserve: pheromone emitters, derived from months of research as well as the materials recovered from the Viceroy's corpse. If they worked as surmised, then they would allow the group to walk into the hive as though they were just another patrol of Caspar soldier drones. A quick field test proved their efficacy, and the group set out near the hive.

Upon their approach, they were startled by the sound of fighting from the hive, and arrived to a gruesome scene: hundreds of dead bugs, scattered everywhere in a trail of destruction leading straight to one of the hive's entrances. Smith-Shimano had arrived first, and they were racing to reach the ruins first. The group immediately began pursuing them through the winding, darkened tunnels of the hive, encountering frenzied bugs as well as SSC forces before finally emerging into a great chamber beneath the ground.

# Faithful Hound

The chamber was tremendous, dark, and littered with dead bugs. A chunk of building lay impossibly along one wall, sheared off from a greater whole. Smith-Shimano had reached the entrance and deployed an industrial laser cutter that was slicing open the main blast door, protected by hasty fortifications and floodlights.

As the party moved to engage, they met with their elusive commander - Desi Lamar, at last with nowhere to run. They attempted to bargain, and offered the group a chance to walk away. They did not take it, and so Desi challenged them: you will go no further.

Eventually, despite Desi's incredible determination and refusal to yied, they triumphed. THORNS OF A ROSE's cockpit was obliterated by a jet of plasma, emitted from the badly-strained reactor of the frame. Desi Lamar, at last, was dead. Nothing lay between the group and the ruins.

# Scrying

Beyond the blast doors, the ruins were an unearthly time capsule: sealed for decades, untouched by the dirt and life surrounding it on all sides. There was little left of the building; just a few hallways, side rooms, and lounges. At last, they reached the end: a door, outside of which was a slate.

On the slate was a final message from the man known as Randy. His true name was Randolph Penn Yonta - Smith-Shimano's former head of research on Magus. He had preserved all of the operation's data onto backup servers, and prepared it into a convenient package for download. All he had was one simple request.

# The End

Randy's goal differed substantially from August's: he wanted the data released publicly onto the omninet as-is, with no vetting or information, for the world to judge of their own accord; unfiltered, untouched.

Upon entering the door, the party discovered a spacious backup server room, kept at cryogenic temperatures. They walked through a glass corridor to a sealed control room, where they discovered Randy's claim to be true. The control panel had already been prepared with the contents of the servers, in an exabytes-large package of raw data. All that remained was to decide what to do with it.

They made their choice.