Roo’s appearance is generally unremarkable - his well-worn clothing is a palette of brown and black, and seems to focus around comfort and utility than anything else. Dirty blonde hair is slicked-back and beginning to form the start of a mullet, and a ruddy complexion is visible underneath a scrappy beard in bad need of a shave. He stands at around 6’, sporting a slight hunch, with an otherwise average build aside from a little extra around the middle.

A careful observer of Roo may have noticed a few odd behaviors, notably, frequent glances behind the shoulder, and repeated reaching into one of the many pockets of his tan jacket to pull out and nervously glance at a communication device, before quickly stashing it again. Another pocket seems to hold a golden flask which he occasionally drinks from. Yet another pocket holds an extremely well-read paperback.

Searching for public records of his callsign, “Duck”, the omninet will yield sparse but interesting results; one could piece together that the callsign was most recently in use by the pilot of a small-time cargo freighter operating out of the Long Rim for the past 5 or so years. Further investigation would reveal this freighter was contracted under Pan-Concourse Holdings, a corpro venture which spans the Long Rim as a vertically-integrated supplier and distributor of goods and sundry. More intriguing, a PCH briefing from only a few weeks ago, published to announce a delay in shipments, cited a severe breakdown of this same cargo freighter as the cause of the delay.